# Habitat Energy Coding Challenge
#### By Melissa Gil

## Setup instructions

### Frontend setup:
From the project root:

```bash
cd app
npm install
npm start
```

Open your browser at `http://localhost:4200/`.

## Framework Choices
**Frontend Framework:** I used Angular due to my familiarity with the framework and how full-featured it is.

**UI Library:**  I initially started with pure CSS so I could customize to my liking; however, I quickly realized that
due to the complexity, achieving the clean visuals I was hoping for would require leveraging an existing and
robust design system.
After researching design systems that work well with Angular, I landed on PrimeNG. It's simple to use and produces a
clean and elegant UI.

**Visuals:** Charts.js was used to graph the power consumption values. It was selected due to features and customizations.

## What you would improve given more time
#### Code Quality
Normally, I would spend days reviewing each component fully before committing any code. However, in order to satisfy the
requirements, make it "look good", and keep it under ~6 hours, I had to balance how thoroughly I was reviewing code
generated by the AI agent. I was very involved in the planning process to ensure it would create exactly what I wanted,
without being overly prescriptive, and provided strong direction and course-correction.
In a real-life setting, I would probably spend a couple of weeks planning out the architecture, data flow, data store,
services, validators, UI layout, etc.

#### Real-Time Updates
The AI agent suggested a 5-second polling method to simulate "real-time" metrics; however, I would be interested in a
more elegant WebSocket solution.

#### Unit Testing
I will admit that I did not review any of the generated unit tests; however, I decided to leave them in the codebase to
help identify regressions during the development process.

### Any assumptions or decisions you made
I was not exactly sure how to display the telemetry data. The directions mentioned showing data "for selected asset(s)".
I debated whether this should be part of the assets list or a standalone component. Ultimately, I decided that if
you're selecting assets, you may want to compare values, hence why I came up with the side-by-side card view where
you can see the asset metrics at a glance.

### Conclusion
Overall, this was fun and I thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to build something from scratch,
using interesting data, and create a cool UI.

Despite the time constraints, I hope my attention to detail comes through. Juggling functionality, aesthetics, 
and speed is no easy balancing act, but it's the kind of problem I genuinely enjoy solving.


